docs(deploy): flag and setting for legacy (#635)
pnpm/pnpm.io: docs/cli/deploy.md

Deploy a package from a workspace. During deployment, the files of the deployed package are copied to the target directory. All dependencies of the deployed package, including dependencies from the workspace, are installed inside an isolated `node_modules` directory at the target directory. The target directory will contain a portable package that can be copied to a server and executed without additional steps.

> Since pnpm v10, `deploy` requires the `injected-workspace-dependencies` setting to be set to `true`.

Author: ```suggestion
From pnpm v10.0.0 to v10.2.1, `deploy` requires the `injected-workspace-dependencies` setting to be set to `true`. From pnpm v10.2.1 onward, `injected-workspace-dependencies=true` is only required for lockfile deploy.
```

[Read more about filtering.](../filtering.md)

## --legacy

Force legacy deploy implementation.

Since pnpm v10, by default, `pnpm deploy` will try creating a dedicated lockfile from a shared lockfile for deployment. The `--legacy` flag disables this behavior.

> 

Reviewer: also mention the injected dependencies setting that is required in v10

Author: https://github.com/pnpm/pnpm.io/pull/635/commits/c817778a1ffa56edfe42bff1c840922bb7b72ba0 has added mention of this setting.

I added it to near top instead of `--legacy` because this setting is required by both legacy and the new implementation.

Reviewer: I don't understand. Isn't legacy the algorithm from pnpm v9, which didn't require injected deps?
